Use NAIS deploy as preferred way to deploy applications (#23)
nais/doc: content/deploy/README.md

  Normal  synchronize  3s         naiserator  successfully synchronized application resources (hash = 13485216922060251669)
```

## Automated deploy using Github
This section describes how to use _NAIS deploy_ in order to deploy directly
from cloud services such as CircleCI or TravisCI. You can use NAIS deploy also
from Jenkins running in any internal zone. NAIS deploy is the canonical and
preferred way to perform deployments on the NAIS platform.

## How it works

> 1. As the final step in one of your CI pipelines, a [deployment request](https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/deployments/#create-a-deployment) is created using GitHub's API. This will trigger a webhook we have set up at Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When performing a deployment in your CI pipeline, create a [deployment request](https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/deployments/#create-a-deployment) is created using GitHub's API. This will trigger a webhook we have set up at Github.
```

> 2. NAIS deploy receives the webhook, verifies its integrity and authenticity, assumes the identity of the deploying team, and applies your _Kubernetes resources_ into the specified [environment](#environment) (a.k.a. _cluster_).

Reviewer: environment is renamed to cluster in deployment-cli
```suggestion
2. NAIS deploy receives the webhook, verifies its integrity and authenticity, assumes the identity of the deploying team, and applies your _Kubernetes resources_ into the specified [cluster](#supported-clusters).
```

add each of your application repositories.

Visit the [registration portal](https://deployment.prod-sbs.nais.io/auth/login)
and follow the instructions to enable deployments from your repository.
In order to do this, you need to have _maintainer_ access rights to your Github
team, and _admin_ access to the repository.

### Authenticating to the Github API
There are two ways to authenticate API requests: using a Github App, or with a personal access token.

The first option is unfortunately currently only available to Github organization admins. You can still self-service by
[creating a personal access token](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line)
that your CI pipeline can use to trigger the deployment. The token needs only the scope `repo_deployment`.

### Performing the deployment
In your pipeline, use our internal tool [deployment-cli](https://github.com/navikt/deployment-cli)
to make deployment requests. Variables you need include _environment_, _repository_, _team_, _application version_, _Kubernetes resources_, and your Github credentials.

Example syntax:

```
deployment-cli create \

>   --environment=dev-fss \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --cluster=dev-fss \
```

  --repository=navikt/deployment \
  --team=<TEAM> \
  --version=<VERSION> \
  --appid=1234 \
  --key=/path/to/private-key.pem \
  --resources=nais.yaml \
  --config=placeholders.json
```

If for any reason you are unable to use _deployment-cli_, please read the section on [NAIS deploy with cURL](#nais-deploy-with-curl).

### Deployment request spec

| Key | Description | Version added |
|-----|-------------|---------------|
| environment | Which environment to deploy to. | N/A |
| payload.version | This is the *payload API version*, as described below. Array of three digits, denoting major, minor, and patch level version. | 1.0.0 |
| payload.team | Github team name, used as credentials for deploying into the Kubernetes cluster. | 1.0.0 |
| payload.kubernetes.resources | List of Kubernetes resources that should be applied into the cluster. Your `nais.yaml` file goes here, in JSON format instead of YAML. | 1.0.0 |

> ### Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported clusters
```

> Please use one of the following environments. The usage of `preprod-***` is *not* supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use one of the following clusters. The usage of `preprod-***` is *not* supported.
```

  * `dev-fss`
  * `dev-sbs`
  * `prod-fss`
  * `prod-sbs`

### NAIS deploy with cURL
A deployment into the Kubernetes clusters starts with a POST request to the [GitHub Deployment API](https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/deployments/#create-a-deployment).

> The request contains information about which environment to deploy to, which team to deploy as, and what resources should be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request contains information about which cluster to deploy to, which team to deploy as, and what resources should be applied.
```

Reviewer 2: Can we remove the heading manual deploy. I dont want that to be an option

Reviewer: I'm not sure I agree it should be completely removed, as this might be relevant in early stages of development. It's nice to provide a basic understanding of what actually happens with the CRD and that it's actually a resource being applied to the cluster. Maybe move it down a bit instead?
